Zimperium v2Integration (#32615)
demisto/content: Packs/Zimperium/Integrations/ZimperiumV2/README.md

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "Zimperium": {
        "Vulnerability": {
            "blueBorneVulnerable": false,
            "cveCount": 432,
            "id": 56745,
            "lastCveSync": 1707218387516,
            "os": 2,
            "osPatchDate": null,
            "osRiskChecksum": "6A",
            "osVersion": "14.6",
            "osVersionAndPatchDate": "14.6",
            "risk": "Critical"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Vulnerabilities List
>|Id|Os|Os Version And Patch Date|Os Version|Os Patch Date|Risk|Cve Count|Last Cve Sync|Os Risk Checksum|Blue Borne Vulnerable|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 56745 | 2 | 14.6 | 14.6 |  | Critical | 432 | 2024-02-06 11:19:47 | 6A | false |

### zimperium-policy-group-list

***
Get policy groups.

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-group-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| module | The module parameter is required to get the groups related to EMM connection or ZIPS connection. Default is "ZIPS". Possible values are: EMM, ZIPS. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.id | String | The ID of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.accountId | String | The account identifier for the Policy Group's content. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.appPolicyId | String | The AppPolicyId of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.appSettingsId | String | The AppSettingsId of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.brandingPolicyId | Unknown | The branding policy identifier of the Policy Group. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.id | String | The ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.accountId | String | The account identifier for the policy group's content. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.appPolicyId | String | The app policy ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.appSettingsId | String | The app settings ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.brandingPolicyId | Unknown | The branding policy identifier of the policy group. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.created | Date | The date and time the policy group was created. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.description | String | The description of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.dormancyPolicyId | String | The dormancy policy identifier of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.emmConnectionId | Unknown | The emmConnectionId of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.emmGroupId | Unknown | The emmGroupId of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.emmPriority | Unknown | The emm priority of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.extensionPolicyId | String | The extension policy identifier of the Policy Group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.content.global | Boolean | Whether the policy group is global. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.knoxPolicyId | Unknown | The KnoxPolicyId of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.modified | Date | The date and time when the Policy Group was last modified. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.name | String | The name of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.networkPolicyId | String | The NetworkPolicyId of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.osRiskPolicyId | String | The OS Risk Policy ID of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.phishingPolicyId | String | The phishing policy identifier of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.privacyId | String | The privacy identifier of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team.id | String | The ID of the team associated with the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team.name | String | The Team name of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.trmId | String | The trmId of the Policy Group. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team | Unknown | The Policy Group's team information. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.knoxPolicyId | Unknown | The Knox policy ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.modified | Date | The date and time when the policy group was last modified. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.name | String | The name of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.networkPolicyId | String | The network policy ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.osRiskPolicyId | String | The operating system risk policy ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.phishingPolicyId | String | The phishing policy identifier of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.privacyId | String | The privacy identifier of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team.id | String | The ID of the team associated with the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team.name | String | The team name of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.trmId | String | The Threat Response Matrix (TRM) ID of the policy group. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyGroup.team | Unknown | The policy group's team information. | 
```

                "brandingPolicyId": null,
                "created": "2024-01-22T11:37:36.749+00:00",
                "description": "test",
                "dormancyPolicyId": "2",
                "emmConnectionId": null,
                "emmGroupId": null,
                "emmPriority": null,
                "extensionPolicyId": "2",
                "global": false,
                "id": "65",
                "knoxPolicyId": null,
                "modified": "2024-01-22T11:37:36.749+00:00",
                "name": "Test",
                "networkPolicyId": "2",
                "osRiskPolicyId": "2",
                "phishingPolicyId": "2",
                "privacyId": "a2",
                "team": {
                    "id": "1",
                    "name": "Default"
                },
                "trmId": "er"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Policy Group List
>|Id|Name|Team|Privacy Id|Trm Id|Phishing Policy Id|App Settings Id|App Policy Id|Network Policy Id|Os Risk Policy Id|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 65 | Test | id: 1<br/>name: Default | a2 | er | 2 | a5 | 2 | 2 | 2 |

### zimperium-policy-privacy-get

***

> Get privacy policy by its identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a privacy policy by its identifier.
```

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-privacy-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The identifier of the policy. Can be retrieved using zimperium-policy-group-list in the Zimperium.PolicyGroup.privacyId field. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.id | String | The Policy Privacy identifier. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.accountId | String | The account identifier of the Policy. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.assigned | Boolean | Whether The Policy Privacy is assigned. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.id | String | The policy privacy identifier. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.accountId | String | The account identifier of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.assigned | Boolean | Whether the policy privacy is assigned. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.created | Date | The date and time the policy was created. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.global | Boolean | Whether the policy setting are global. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.global | Boolean | Whether the policy settings are global. | 
```

> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.groups | String | The groups the policy associated with. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.jsonHash | String | The JSON hash for the Policy Privacy policy. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.groups | String | The groups the policy are associated with. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPrivacy.jsonHash | String | The JSON hash for the policy privacy policy. | 
```

                    "id": "37",
                    "modified": "2023-12-05T20:09:16.621+00:00",
                    "name": "Default Group",
                    "staticFilesWritten": "2024-02-06T06:00:37.129+00:00",
                    "userActivations": [
                        {
                            "id": "40"
                        }
                    ],
                    "zapps": []
                }
            ],
            "id": "a2",
            "jsonHash": "7d",
            "locationAccuracy": 0,
            "modified": "2023-12-05T20:09:16.853+00:00",
            "name": "Default",
            "rules": [
                {
                    "collectibleId": 0,
                    "id": "3b",
                    "shouldCollect": false
                }
            ],
            "staticFilesWritten": "2023-12-05T20:09:19.079+00:00",
            "team": null,
            "teamId": null
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Privacy Policy
>|Id|Name|Created|Modified|
>|---|---|---|---|
>| a2 | Default | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.621+00:00 | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.853+00:00 |

### zimperium-policy-threat-get

***

> Get threat policy by its identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a threat policy by its identifier.
```

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-threat-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The identifier of the policy. Can be retrieved using zimperium-policy-group-list in the Zimperium.PolicyGroup.trmId field. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.id | String | The identifier of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.accountId | String | The account identifier of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.androidJsonHash | String | The Android JSON hash. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.androidProtoHash | String | The Android Proto Hash. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.androidProtoHash | String | The Android Proto hash. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.assigned | Boolean | Whether the policy is assigned. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.created | Date | The date and time the policy threat was created. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.deploymentDate | Date | The date when the policy deployment occurred. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.global | Boolean | Whether the policy setting are global. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.global | Boolean | Whether the policy settings are global. | 
```

> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.groups | Unknown | The groups the policy associated with. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.iosJsonHash | String | IOS Json Hash. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.iosProtoHash | String | IOS Proto Hash. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.isDeployed | Boolean | Whether the PolicyThreat is deployed or not. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.groups | Unknown | The groups the policy are associated with. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.iosJsonHash | String | IOS JSON hash. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.iosProtoHash | String | IOS Proto hash. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.isDeployed | Boolean | Whether the policy threat is deployed or not. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.modified | Date | The date and time when the policy was modified. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.name | String | The name of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.rules | Unknown | The policy rules list. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyThreat.rules.id | String | The ID of the Policy rule. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyThreat.rules.id | String | The ID of the policy rule. | 
```

                    "mdmMitigationTarget": null,
                    "mdmThreatAction": null,
                    "mdmThreatTarget": null,
                    "responses": [],
                    "severity": 0,
                    "shouldCollect": true,
                    "threatTypeId": 0
                }
            ],
            "staticFilesWritten": "2023-12-05T20:09:18.129+00:00"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Threat Policy
>|Id|Is Deployed|Name|Created|Modified|
>|---|---|---|---|---|
>| er | true | Default | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.621+00:00 | 2023-12-05T20:09:17.184+00:00 |

### zimperium-policy-phishing-get

***
Get phishing policy by its identifier.

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-phishing-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The identifier of the policy. Can be retrieved using zimperium-policy-group-list in the Zimperium.PolicyGroup.phishingPolicyId field. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.id | String | The identifier of the policy. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.accessControlList | Unknown | The access control list for the policy resource/. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.accountId | String | The account identifier of the Policy. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.accessControlList | Unknown | The access control list for the policy resource. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.accountId | String | The account identifier of the policy. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.allowEndUserControl | Boolean | Whether the end user is allowed to control the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.contentCategoryActionList | Unknown | The content of the policy category action. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.created | Date | The date and time the policy threat was created. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.enableDnsPhishingTutorial | Boolean | Whether to enable the DNS phishing tutorial. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.enableMessageFilterTutorial | Boolean | Whether the user has enabled the message filter tutorial. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.enableMessageFilterTutorial | Boolean | Whether the message filter tutorial is enabled. | 
```

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.enableSafariBrowserExtensionTutorial | Boolean | The enable Safari Browser Extension tutorial. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.enableSafariBrowserExtensionTutorial | Boolean | Whether the Safari Browser Extension tutorial is enabled. | 
```

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.global | Boolean | Whether the policy setting are global. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.global | Boolean | Whether the policy settings are global. | 
```

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.groups | Unknown | The groups the policy associated with. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.groups | Unknown | The groups the policy are associated with. | 
```

| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.isDnsEnabled | Boolean | Whether DNS is enabled or not. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.modified | Date | The date and time when the policy was modified. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.name | String | The name of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.phishingDetectionAction | String | The phishing detection action. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.phishingPolicyType | String | The phishing policy type. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.team | Unknown | The team the policy associated with. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyPhishing.team | Unknown | The team the policy is associated with. | 
```

                        {
                            "id": "40"
                        }
                    ],
                    "zapps": []
                }
            ],
            "id": "2",
            "isDnsEnabled": false,
            "modified": "2023-12-11T13:33:08.481+00:00",
            "name": "Default",
            "phishingDetectionAction": "WARN",
            "phishingPolicyType": "ON_DEVICE",
            "team": null,
            "teamId": null,
            "useLocalVpn": true,
            "useRemoteContentInspection": true,
            "useUrlSharing": true
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Phishing Policy
>|Id|Name|Created|Modified|Enable Safari Browser Extension Tutorial|Enable Dns Phishing Tutorial|Use Local Vpn|Use Url Sharing|Allow End User Control|Use Remote Content Inspection|Enable Message Filter Tutorial|Phishing Detection Action|Phishing Policy Type|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 2 | Default | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.621+00:00 | 2023-12-11T13:33:08.481+00:00 | true | false | true | true | false | true | true | WARN | ON_DEVICE |

### zimperium-policy-app-settings-get

***

> List App versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the app versions.
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.id | String | The identifier of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.accountId | String | The account identifier of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.appRiskLookupEnabled | Boolean | Whether the app risk lookup is enabled or not. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.assigned | Boolean | Whether the policy is assigned. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.autoActivateKnox | Boolean | Whether Knox should be automatically activated. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.autoBatteryOptimizationEnabled | Boolean | Whether the battery optimization is enabled. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.cogitoEnabled | Boolean | Whether the cogito is enabled. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.cogitoThreshold | Number | The cogito threshold. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.created | Date | The date and time the policy was created. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.dangerzoneEnabled | Boolean | Whether the danger zone is enabled or not. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.detectionEnabled | Boolean | Whether the detection is enabled. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyAppSetting.detectionEnabled | Boolean | Whether detection is enabled. | 
```

            "phishingThreshold": 75,
            "privacySummaryEnabled": true,
            "protoHash": "ea9",
            "siteInsightEnabled": false,
            "staticFilesWritten": "2023-12-05T20:09:17.418+00:00",
            "team": null,
            "teamId": null
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Policy App Settings
>|Id|Name|Detection Enabled|Cogito Enabled|Cogito Threshold|Phishing Enabled|Phishing Threshold|Phishing DB Refresh Minutes|Created|Modified|Static Files Written|Json Hash|Proto Hash|Dangerzone Enabled|Site Insight Enabled|Phishing Local Classifier Enabled|App Risk Lookup Enabled|Auto Battery Optimization Enabled|Auto Activate Knox|Privacy Summary Enabled|Forensic Analysis Enabled|Team|Assigned|Team Id|Global|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 9e | Default | true | true | 70 | true | 75 | 480 | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.621+00:00 | 2023-12-05T20:09:16.729+00:00 | 2023-12-05T20:09:17.418+00:00 | 616 | ea9 | true | false | true | true | true | false | true | false |  | true |  | true |

### zimperium-policy-device-inactivity-list

***

> Get policy device inactivity list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the policy device inactivity list.
```

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-device-inactivity-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| page_size | Maximum number of results to retrieve in each page. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| page | Page number. Default is 0. | Optional | 
| limit | Maximum number of results to retrieve in each page. Default is 50. Default is 50. | Optional | 

> | team_id | Used to filter the data by the Team the user belongs to. If you provide this the query returns matching entries plus the policies without a team. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| team_id | Used to filter the data by the team the user belongs to. If you provide this the query returns matching entries plus the policies without a team. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.teamId | String | The Team ID for the Policy Device Inactivity. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.id | String | The Policy Device Inactivity ID. | 
> | Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.name | String | The name of the Policy Device Inactivity. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.teamId | String | The team ID for the policy device inactivity list. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.id | String | The policy device inactivity list ID. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.name | String | The name of the policy device inactivity list. | 
```

                "teamId": null
            },
            {
                "id": "ff3",
                "name": "InactivityTest",
                "teamId": "1"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Device Inactivity List
>|Id|Name|Team Id|
>|---|---|---|
>| 2 | Default |  |
>| ff3 | InactivityTest | 1 |

### zimperium-policy-device-inactivity-get

***
Get policy device inactivity.

#### Base Command

`zimperium-policy-device-inactivity-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The identifier of the policy. Can be retrieved using zimperium-policy-device-inactivity-list. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.id | String | The Policy Device Inactivity ID. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.accountId | String | The account identifier. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.created | Date | The date and time the policy was created. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.groups.id | String | The group ID. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.groups.name | String | The group name. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.inactiveAppSettings.enabled | Boolean | Whether the app settings inactivity enabled. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.inactiveAppSettings.enabled | Boolean | Whether the app settings inactivity is enabled. | 
```

## Breaking changes from the previous version of this integration - Zimperium v2
The following sections list the changes in this version.

### Commands
#### The following commands were removed in this version:
* *zimperium-events-search* - this command was replaced by zimprerium-threat-search.
* *zimperium-user-get-by-id* - this command was replaced by zimprerium-users-search.
* *zimperium-device-get-by-id* - this command was replaced by zimperium-devices-search.
* *zimperium-app-classification-get* - this command was replaced by zimperium-app-version-list.
* *zimperium-devices-search* - this command was removed.

> * *file* - this command was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***file*** - this command was removed.
```

### Arguments
#### The following arguments were removed in this version:

> In the *zimperium-users-search* command:
> * *query* and *email*.
> 
> In the *zimperium-devices-search* command:
> * *query*.
> 
> In the *zimperium-report-get* command:
> * *bundle_id*, *itunes_id*, *app_hash* and *platform*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *zimperium-users-search* command:
* *query*
* *email*

In the *zimperium-devices-search* command:
* *query*

In the ***zimperium-report-get*** command:
* *bundle_id*
* *itunes_id*
* *app_hash*
* *platform*
```

| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.name | String | The name of the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.enabled | Boolean | Whether the device's policy setting is enabled or not. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.maxWarningsCount | Number | The maximum number of warnings that can be issued for the policy. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.sendEmailAndroid | Boolean | Whether to send an email. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.sendEmailIos | Boolean | Whether to send an email. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.timeBeforeWarningDisplayUnits | String | The time before the warning display. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.timeBeforeWarningSeconds | Number | The time before the warning seconds. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.timeBetweenWarningsDisplayUnits | String | The time interval between warning displays. | 
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.pendingActivationSettings.timeBetweenWarningsSeconds | Number | The time in seconds between warnings. | 

> | Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.teamId | String | The Team ID for the policy device inactivity. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zimperium.PolicyDeviceInactivity.teamId | String | The team ID for the policy device inactivity. | 
```
